hi I'm Ian this is the Berg House
Explorer Ridge Plus which is the latest
version of the Explorer range of boots
from Berg house I've worked in the
Sheffield store for about ten years and
some in Footwear and literally sold
thousands of the versions of the bagasse
Explorer there's always the boot you'd
go to if you wanted a comfortable
lightweight walking boot it's going to
be reliable comfortable straight out of
the box really really popular so this is
the leather version it's new this season
and it's a full grain leather upper with
the gore-tex membrane underneath so
starting at the bottom it's got
fantastic ops II stood sole which offers
really good grip in all directions the
lugs here when you step out in the mud
will ship will drop the mud away no the
front it's got a little ridged area
that's great if you're stepping upon
rock it's got an Evo midsole which is
which is really lightweight
it offers cushioning and support and
inside there is a little plate which
gives you stability in all directions so
if you're flexing that way or that way
it's just going to make sure the
thoughts not bending around too much
which means you can get you can handle
more difficult terrain and as I said the
upper is petards full grain leather
which has got a water repellent
treatment in it and now that's going to
be durable it's also because it's
leather
which is skin it's breathable underneath
that is that it's a gore-tex sock which
is waterproof and breathable so you've
got two layers of protection to make
sure your feet nice and dry and here
it's got the AHS system goes all the way
around the back of the boot there and
when you pull your laces tight it's
going to help pull the heel in and also
give you a bit more support round here
around your heel around your uncle here
you've got some nice padding in the
boots nicely laced up you've got loads
of support and comfort around your uncle
so it's a great quality product from
Burgos it's it's perfect for like
walking like Hill walking general
rambling and even you know everyday wear
in the winter months you know going out
the snow walking the dog thanks for
watching Cheers